[LangRef] Clarifying the copying behaviour of byval (#205576)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

    ``byval`` parameters). This is not a valid attribute for return
    values.

>     The byval type argument is only used for its allocation size and alignment

Reviewer: I would have expected this to say "size and alignment".

"allocation size" is confusing, as that seems to refer to the size of the underlying allocation, rather than just the part of the allocation that is actually being copied.

Reviewer 2: In LLVM, "allocation size" of a type is the size rounded up to the alignment. It's opposed to the "store size" which is not rounded up to the alignment.

Author: https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/76ddb39f1b18556b6de86c6cac0ebbb0ed6cb056/llvm/lib/CodeGen/GlobalISel/CallLowering.cpp#L267-L271
https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/76ddb39f1b18556b6de86c6cac0ebbb0ed6cb056/llvm/lib/CodeGen/SelectionDAG/SelectionDAGBuilder.cpp#L11581-L11582
https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/76ddb39f1b18556b6de86c6cac0ebbb0ed6cb056/llvm/lib/Target/X86/X86ISelLoweringCall.cpp#L1235-L1247

I don't have enough knowledge about this. But it was chosen to match the implementation.

Reviewer: I see. The LangRef does not define that term, does it?

And it does use "allocation size" in the way I understood it, when talking about `realloc`:
> “realloc”: the function returns a new block of memory or null. If the result is non-null the memory contents from the start of the block up to the smaller of the original allocation size and the new allocation size will match that of the allocptr argument and the allocptr argument is invalidated, even if the function returns the same address.

Author: It is mentioned in gep:

> Otherwise, the index itself is sign-extended or truncated, and then multiplied by the type allocation size (that is, the size rounded up to the ABI alignment) of the currently indexed type.

Reviewer: defining "en passant"... would be nice to put this more properly somewhere in the types section. But that's not a blocker for this PR.

    (if there is no explicit align attribute). That is, the hidden copy is
    interpreted as a call to memcpy with the allocation size of the specified type,
    instead of loading from the pointee and storing back into the copy in the type.

>     In this case, the padding between field types of a struct type is still copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In particular, the padding between field types of a struct type is still copied.
```

    ``byval`` parameters). This is not a valid attribute for return
    values.

>     The byval type argument indicates the in-memory value type. Note that

Reviewer 2: I think this first sentence is kind of misleading now, as it's not the in-memory value type in any meaningful sense of that word. I'd make mention that the actual type does not matter (beyond its size/align).

> The byval type argument is only used for its allocation size and alignment (if there is no explicit `align` attribute).

    the hidden copy is interpreted as a call to memcpy with the allocation
    size of the specified type, instead of loading from the pointee and
    storing back into the copy in the type. In this case, the padding between
    field types of a struct type is still copied, since it may be a part of

>     another active member of a union type.

Reviewer 2: The bit about active union members probably shouldn't be part of LangRef (it's a clang implementation detail).
